the capital is gaining momentum road
public ladders
transport allocated a separate lane on
Andropov Avenue is the second Moscow
highway after Volokolamsk highway
where the dedicated line already exists with
August 2009
scoring a similar fate awaits and
big Leningrad
experts unanimously claim that such
the bands could have been there and we are still yesterday
rub motorists express
dissatisfaction with our correspondent
Alexey Kulikov listened to the arguments of both
parties
the conditions of the problem are given two transport
means car and bus
and two kilometers of roads but also the city that is important
Moscow two of them quickly get from
points a to point b along with know
we will go by bus
let's go on the selected priority line
strip for public
transport since the beginning of this year strip
white divided Andropov Avenue into
those relationships
those who are on the bus last such
change liked more idea
popular anger
there is an idea should already be
yes now she is over death
personal transport owners either
look at the unusual picture as on the right
about 100 thousand
or you do not wish to sit police go on
dedicated band
and then if some kind of racer
police outfits the only thing
make drivers return to their line
but did not have time
usually says he didn't notice anything
recently made
You know, I myself entered into force for half a year with
the first year and a half
you know
maximum penalty for such
carelessness of everything
300 rubles increase in value
into the air of violators because 300 rubles
man hurry
story about lost time than retirement
the guards there are already many drivers bayonets
perceived the fact that they took away
single lane
and therefore traffic jams on this
plot will now
I agree that maybe skips on
draft
she is free
so here stand in traffic jam
however, Moscow drivers are still
miss and public
transport for some reason did not hurry
last year
in traffic we lost
not only mosgortrans
for constant 28 and a half change
usually perseverance almost
this year is not working
ground city transport
serves 40 percent of the total
passenger numbers
occupies only one percent of the park
cars an hour per 100 transport 20 25
percent of them in Moscow will not disappear on the basis of
This statistics is clear who needs
create more profitable
traffic management is not
happens to be a nice lady in all respects
here is not such a job with this lady
then we can say
and this rigidity is bearing fruit
they are on the road the bus won
and the car that I do not know
overseas dedicated lanes for
public
but vehicles have been operating for a long time in
Paris is not fenced special
partners
and the penalty for leaving it fell only one and a half
thousands of euros deprivation of rights
New York machines are three times more than
Russian capital nevertheless the main
street of truth
Moscow will be eight soon.
such bands including on Nevsky Broadway
graphic
when designing construction and
turned around and reconstruction is more expensive
in their favor
the movement of buses in life
life krasnoyarsk omsk
to transplant motorists on
public transport some
dedicated lanes of course not enough
need at least
free catch net
parking lots of important stopping systems
parking at the edges of the road
any such measure as custody
priorities feel transport only
system measures designed for
many years
at the time of the murder of Moscow
Moscow government
transport workers so on the hull make
such an organization of motion private
transport exist in
barcelona amsterdam in moscow two three years
impossible technically
according to the experts of the traffic situation in
Sunday knowledge doing already 25
if the situation on the metropolitan routes already
used to call war
vision of priorities, but perhaps
it could be considered
little victorious
sorry
despite all that he buys the currency
fathers and dmitry ivanov